NAME
   seam (aka seam-gen) - Execute seam code generation.

   The seam.bat (Windows) and seam (Linux/Unix) scripts support
   commands that use Ant build targets to set up a Seam project and
   generate source code. Ant is not required to be on your path to
   use this script.
   
   JBoss AS must be installed to deploy the project. If you use EJB3
   components, the JBoss server must have EJB 3 capabilities.
   (JBoss AS 4.2 is strongly recommended)

SYNOPSIS
   seam COMMAND

SEAM PROJECT SETUP/DEPLOYMENT COMMANDS
   setup
      Run the wizard used to set various properties in the
      seam-gen/build.properties file. This task establishes the
      location of your project workspace and your JBoss AS home
      directory. It also captures settings for code generation, such
      as the Java packages used for the model, action, and test
      classes, and database connection information.

      You can hand edit the seam-gen/build.properties file instead of
      using this command.

      Example: seam setup

   create-project
      Create a new Seam project workspace that includes all the
      required dependencies, a build script, and two configuration
      profiles (dev and prod). Uses the project attributes defined in
      seam-gen/build.properties. Also generates Eclipse, NetBeans and
      IDEA project files, allowing the project to be quickly imported.

      Example: seam create-project

   update-project
      Update the project workspace with the latest library
      dependencies.

      Example: seam update-project

   delete-project
      Delete the project workspace. Also undeploys the project from
      the JBoss server.

      WARNING: This command is permanent! There is no undo!

      Example: seam delete-project

   archive
      Build the project archive (packaged EAR or WAR) and place
      it in the dist folder in the root of the project.

      Example: seam archive

   deploy
      Deploy the project archive (packaged EAR or WAR) and the
      datasource to the JBoss server.

      Example: seam deploy

   undeploy
      Undeploy the project archive (packaged EAR or WAR) and the
      datasource from the JBoss server.

      Example: seam undeploy

   explode
      Deploy the project archive (exploded EAR or WAR directory
      structure) and the datasource to the JBoss server.

      Example: seam explode

   restart
      Restart the project archive that was previously deployed as an
      exploded directory structure.

      Example: seam restart

   unexplode
      Undeploy the project archive (exploded EAR or WAR directory
      structure) and the datasource from the JBoss server.

      Example: seam unexplode

SEAM CODE GENERATION COMMANDS
   new-action
      Create a new Java interface and SLSB with key Seam/EJB3
      annotations.

      Example: seam new-action

   new-form
      Create a new Java interface and SFSB with key Seam/EJB3
      annotations, and associated xhtml view. Also, create a new
      TestNG test case that can be used to simulate a JSF
      request/response and standard JUnit type tests.

      Example: seam new-form

   new-conversation
      Create a new Java interface and SFSB with key Seam/EJB3
      annotations. Adds annotations and stub methods for @Begin and
      @End.

      Example: seam new-conversation

   new-entity
      Create a new entity bean with key Seam/EJB3 annotations with
      example attributes.

      Example: seam new-entity

   generate-model
	  Generate JPA-compliant entity classes from an existing database
	  schema. Uses the Hibernate reverse engineering hbmtemplate task
	  to generate the entity classes. The reverse engineering process
	  can be customized using the resources/seam-gen.reveng.xml file
	  in the project directory.

      Example: seam generate-model

   generate-ui
	  Generate CRUD pages and controllers for existing JPA entity classes.
	  Uses the Hibernate reverse engineering hbmtemplate task to
	  create EntityHome and EntityQuery JavaBean components and
	  Facelet view templates for browsing, searching, and managing the
	  database tables mapped by the entity classes.

      Example: seam generate-ui
	  
   generate
	  Generate CRUD pages and controllers for an existing database
	  schema.  Combines the generate-model and generate-ui commands to
	  create the JPA entity classes and then the pages and controllers
	  that allow them to be managed.

      Example: seam generate
